those who run often in general
they have an objective in mind usually
it is a physical goal as
lose weight and exercise however the
Most runners do not have
total awareness of how extremely
beneficial that is to go running here you
we mentioned the benefits of running 1
lose or control your weight
approximately 60 percent of
who go out to run they do it for
lose weight keep it running burning
many calories so it becomes
in an excellent companion for those who
they want to manage their weight and burn fat
2 running improves health run makes
wonders for your body and your health
some benefits are elevates the
'good' cholesterol reduces the risk of
blood clots stimulates the use of
all lung capacity
Significantly improves the immune system
keeps the heart in good condition
accelerates metabolism improves the
sexual performance prevents aging
Accelerated 3 reduces the risk of
diseases reduces the risk of
embolisms and breast cancer reduces the
osteoporosis risk diabetes e
hypertension 4 promotes stimulation
of growth hormone too
known as the natural source of
youth and beauty 5 prevents the
loss of bone tissue when going for a run
regularly keeps our
bone skeleton helps slow down the
natural loss of bone density in
adults what occurs over the years is
especially beneficial for
teenagers to help the development
of your bones
relieves stress running can get you away
of everyday problems and dilemmas and
not only because it is a healthy distractor
but running relieves stress to a
chemical level 7 increases self-esteem and
improves mental health